I am Gagan Gupta. I am 24 years old. I belong to Mathura. My highest qualification is BTech. I have done my Btech from BSACET college. I have done my college in Mathura. I did my intermediate from KMPS school mathura. I did my high school from KMPS school Mathura. I have completed my college in 2019. My hobbies are playing cricket and badminton.  I have eleven members in my family. My grandfather's name is Shri Satya Prakash Gupta. My grandmother's name is Krishnabala gupta. My father's name is Yatendra Kumar Gupta. My mother's name is Shalini Gupta. My uncle's name is Gajendra Kumar Gupta. My aunt's name is Lata Gupta. I have four siblings. I have one sister only. My sister's name is Ishika Gupta. My family lives is Mathura. My father's family lives in Mathura. My grandfather's family lives in mathura. My uncle's family lives in Pune. My father is a Business man in mathura. My father is having business of confectionary shop. My grandfather was a teacher. My uncle is a service man and he works in zensar pune. My uncle is having designation of Global practice head in Zensar. My  mother is house wife. My aunt is house wife. My grandmother is house wife. Ishika is completing her education. There are 4 members in uncle's family. My uncle works in Pune. My uncle is having 2 children. There are 5 members in father's family. My father works in Mathura. My father is having 3 children. There are 11 members in grandfather's family. My grandfather is having 3 children. My mother lives in mathura. My aunt lives in pune. My grandmother lives in mathura. My uncle lives in pune. My father lives in mathura. My grandfather lives in mathura. My uncle's family live in pune. My father's family live in mathura. My grandfather's famly live in mathura. my first number brother's name is Kuldeepak gupta. My second number brother's name is Aishwarya Gupta. My third number brother's name is Atulya Gupta. Aishwarya is completing his higher studies in BTech. Kuldeepak is currently doing job. Atulya is studying in 7th class. I have three brothers. My father lives in Mathura. I am a software developer in TCS. My work location is Bangalore. My designation is Associate System Engineer. 




